Improve the phrasing of in-tree build deprecation warning (#10129)
pypa/pip: news/10128.doc.rst

> Improve the text of the deprecation warning regarding switching to in-place builds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improve deprecation warning regarding the copying of source trees when installing from a local directory.
```

Reviewer: Let's also change this to a `.removal.`, since this is related to a deprecation warning (those entries show up under a "Deprecations and Removals" heading).

Author: Is `.removal.` a newsfile type? So it would replace `.doc.`?

Reviewer: Yup.

Reviewer: The types are listed here: https://github.com/pypa/pip/blob/main/pyproject.toml#L13
